hey guys I'm escaping from my surf
fishing lifestyle I'm just gonna be
explaining um the basic I serve it today
so here we have our rubber arm special
set our floating line our trace our
Stoppers arm you can choose between the
pre-made stoppers or the main arm or the
supplies that you need to tie manually
here out on two different ISO hooks this
is a nice a float in a size 3 B is by 2
GG arm here we have the components of
the rear cushion topper and we have the
stopper bead right there so here we have
our main line I'll float the float the
request of our opponents and the stopper
bead this is our main line i'm as if all
fly fishing yourself with a stopper
there's two options for the stopper
there is a soft material which you need
to tile manually and there's a pre-made
arm stopper um you letter set these
toppers are actually made off :
which actually which is a lot thinner
than the rubber stopper that you
normally get when you destroy fishing
with the float that's due to the fact
that I'm the rubber stoppers often
interfere with the eye so guys at the as
they're very small and when you're
crossing arm they'll often knock them
and damage them therefore we use on the
cotton stoppers to prevent interference
when fishing however for this
demonstration I'm not going to tie on
any stopper but please keep in mind that
the stopper for the first step step 2
you want to put on your the stopper bead
like so he just runs freely on the line
followed by the stopper bead you have
your flight this is a size to be
followed by the foot you have your rear
cushion stopper which is may have three
components there's a top middle and
bottom how this works is you slide the
top off through first
like so followed by the bottom half and
the middle part you just slide in we
like to think of it as a bone in between
the two
like so so what the recursion stopper
does is on if you guessed night and your
line gets and your line snaps on give a
chance that you will get your foot back
as well as being a down for some device
which actually helps you think your rig
and it keeps it down there followed by
the recursion stopper you can connect
your main line to the trace on either by
a swivel all aw need not or figure eight
knot or how you normally tie your line
um when I say fishing we always use
fluid carbon as L as a ridges or a
finesse and we want to compete a set so
what better option than to you through
carbon this is at or ATX later in the
3.0 for this demonstration or however
I'm not going to tie it on arm as for
the length we normally use around two
and a half meters depending on the row
length and the conditions um if you're
targeting surface fish you can use a bit
shorter maybe 1/2 to 2 meters if you
want to go for brim or trevally and we
generally go for around two and a half
to around 3 meters so after your later
port race move onto your hook right at
the bottom I'm you can use a normal book
or these are two different ISO hooks as
you can see I'm they have no I said you
have to snail them on you'll notice that
a lot of the hooks that may form is a
fishing down from overseas they actually
have no I so you're gonna have to snow
on most of them arm occasionally you can
find some hooks with the I bar the
chances are very slim followed by the
hook to complete the I say Rick um we
have your split shots these are rubber
created so you can actually undo them
and you can move them around and then I
sketch your line it's actually reusable
as well so when matching especiall to
your first size as this is a to be you
match it with it to be so what you want
to do is you neutralize the balance
between the float with this with a split
shot if it was a be four that we fills
that be float then you match it with a
base pressure
I'm also attaching the special on on the
leader is also important as where you
place it will change the movement of
your bay
I'm as I say fishing often arm is very
effective due to the fact that it press
a natural bait as you as you place your
special further down the trace towards
the hook they on debate will actually
move less and it'll be more and you'll
move more on dim as opposed to a a
special which is placed higher which
allows more movement for arm on the
trace so unless your basic is a rig so
starting from the first step you have
the main line followed by a stopper of
whichever one and you pick so manual you
want a menu one or a premade stopper
followed by the stopper you have just
topper bead which is a freerunning bead
followed by the bed you have your ice a
flight excuse me
followed by a surfer you have the
requisition stopper which is three
components which you need to put
together followed by the big cushion
stopper you can have a swivel or you can
tie your arm
click entirely trace all the later onto
the main line directly through a figure
eight knot or W or whichever method you
pick followed by the leader you have
your hook right the end followed by the
hook the last refused to match your
floats with the correct special size yep
and I'm that's about it so that's a
basic SOF living for you guys I'm hope
you guys enjoyed it and I hope it helps
you when you're fishing
thank you for ways of fishing gear um
check out the link below at
www.piofl.com delay you and forehead for
additional information I wish you have a
forum on which you can find that
www.hsn.com to are you the forum has all
the information such as rigs techniques
arm and they're from various cars honest
so you can also check out guys and on
for any beginners arm is very useful and
it's early I say fishing forum in arm
English's all